General

Custom Domains

Public Development URL

R2 Data Catalog

CORS Policy

Object Lifecycle Rules

Bucket Lock Rules

Event Notifications

On Demand Migration

Local Uploads

Default Storage Class

Delete Bucket

General
Name:
afuchat-media

Created:
Apr 15, 2026
Location:
Western Europe (WEUR)

S3 API:
https://42e79186125e8ff83e51f15816e074de.r2.cloudflarestorage.com/afuchat-media
Click to copy
Custom Domains
Expose the contents of this R2 bucket to the internet through a custom domain. Recommended for production use.

Domain	Minimum TLS	Status	Access	
cdn.afuchat.com

1.0	

Public Development URL
Expose the contents of this R2 bucket to the internet through the Public Development URL when enabled.

https://pub-2e81c468eb99436690ca6da9f89191ce.r2.dev
Click to copy
This URL is rate-limited and not recommended for production. Cloudflare features like Access and Caching are unavailable. Connect a custom domain to the bucket to support production workloads.

R2 Data Catalog
Add an Apache Iceberg REST catalog, to allow query engines to manage and query Iceberg tables stored in R2.

The R2 Data Catalog is disabled for this bucket.
CORS Policy
Configure CORS headers that R2 will set when accessing this bucket's contents from a browser.

There is no CORS Policy defined for this bucket.
Object Lifecycle Rules
Specify rules to automatically manage objects after a specified time.


Rule Name
Prefix
Actions
Status

Default Multipart Abort Rule
--
Abort uploads after 7 day(s)

Bucket Lock Rules
Set a retention policy to prevent object overwrites and deletions until the specified period ends.

There are no bucket lock rules defined for this bucket.
Event Notifications
Automatically trigger Workers and take action when data in your R2 bucket changes by using Cloudflare Queues.

Using event notifications requires you to purchase a Workers Paid plan.
Explore what's offered.
Blog post
Read our blog post to learn more about what's new and how event notifications can be used to create automated functions.

Documentation
Read our documentation to learn more about functionality and how to use event notifications.

Pay-as-you-go
Workers Paid Plan required
On Demand Migration
Continuously migrate data from an Amazon S3 and Google Cloud bucket to this bucket only as read requests are made.

On Demand Migration is not enabled for this bucket.
Local Uploads
Improve performance for cross-region uploads. Check your Request Distribution metrics to see where your requests originate.

Local Uploads
Default Storage Class
Specify which storage class new objects will automatically be placed in.

Class:
Standard
Delete Bucket
Permanently delete this bucket and all configurations associated with it.
